docs: worker related notes (#8554)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/features.md

import MyWorker from './worker?worker&inline'
```

> If you wish to inline the worker as url strings, add the `url` query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to retrieve the worker as a URL, add the `url` query:
```
